=====================> [[('We ’ve been huge supporters of Ashton Kutcher ’s campaign against human trafficking', None, None, None, 0), ('so I wanted to let you know of a situation', None, None, None, 0), ('I just became aware of .', None, None, None, 1), ('We usually think of human trafficking', None, None, None, 0), ('involving the kidnapping or sudden disappearance of a person .', None, None, None, 1), ('I just read about two pre-teen girls in Burma', None, None, None, 0), ('who were sent to work', None, None, None, 0), ('to help their family .', None, None, None, 1), ('Everything was legit at first , but as time progressed these poor girls , children really , were denied contact with their parents , tortured , and forced to work for no pay . My heart broke for them and for their parents . What ’s even worse , the police ignored the parents ’ request for intervention with no success .', None, None, None, 1), ('How agonized', None, None, None, 0), ('the parents must feel', None, None, None, 0), ('that they sent their daughters into this situation .', None, None, None, 1)]]
Leaf:  S span We ’ve been huge supporters of Ashton Kutcher ’s campaign against human trafficking
Leaf:  N Elaborate so I wanted to let you know of a situation
Leaf:  S span I just became aware of .
Inner:  N Background None Elaborate NS
Inner:  N Summary None Background SN
Leaf:  N Elaborate We usually think of human trafficking
Leaf:  S span involving the kidnapping or sudden disappearance of a person .
Inner:  N Elaborate None Elaborate NS
Leaf:  N Elaborate I just read about two pre-teen girls in Burma
Leaf:  N Enablement who were sent to work
Leaf:  S span to help their family .
Inner:  S span None Enablement NS
Inner:  N Evaluation None Elaborate NS
Leaf:  N Elaborate Everything was legit at first , but as time progressed these poor girls , children really , were denied contact with their parents , tortured , and forced to work for no pay . My heart broke for them and for their parents . What ’s even worse , the police ignored the parents ’ request for intervention with no success .
Leaf:  S span How agonized
Leaf:  S span the parents must feel
Leaf:  N Attribution that they sent their daughters into this situation .
Inner:  N Attribution None Attribution SN
Inner:  S span None Attribution SN
Inner:  S span None Elaborate NS
Inner:  S span None Evaluation NS
Inner:  S span None Elaborate NS
Inner:  Root None None Summary NS
[('We ’ve been huge supporters of Ashton Kutcher ’s campaign against human trafficking', None, None, None, 0), ('so I wanted to let you know of a situation', None, None, None, 0), ('I just became aware of .', None, None, None, 1), ('We usually think of human trafficking', None, None, None, 0), ('involving the kidnapping or sudden disappearance of a person .', None, None, None, 1), ('I just read about two pre-teen girls in Burma', None, None, None, 0), ('who were sent to work', None, None, None, 0), ('to help their family .', None, None, None, 1), ('Everything was legit at first , but as time progressed these poor girls , children really , were denied contact with their parents , tortured , and forced to work for no pay . My heart broke for them and for their parents . What ’s even worse , the police ignored the parents ’ request for intervention with no success .', None, None, None, 1), ('How agonized', None, None, None, 0), ('the parents must feel', None, None, None, 0), ('that they sent their daughters into this situation .', None, None, None, 1)]
