=====================> [[('More gun crap .', None, None, None, 1), ('I am so sick of people', None, None, None, 0), ('thinking', None, None, None, 0), ('shooting someone is the guns fault .', None, None, None, 1), ('It is not the gun it is something wrong inside the person', None, None, None, 0), ('who is doing the shooting .', None, None, None, 1), ("You ca n't expect the gun to be blamed", None, None, None, 0), ('when it is someone who is just pissed off or mental ill . If you asked me it is all about not getting your way and being mad so the answer is shoot a bunch of people . That means they are sick in the head . I can just see it now more get rid of the gun solve the problem', None, None, None, 0), ('no we need to fix what is wrong with people . Damn lawyers blood suckers most of them anyway taking advantage of people in their worst moments .', None, None, None, 1), ('I just hope we finally wake up to the fact', None, None, None, 0), ("that the gun did n't do it", None, None, None, 0), ('it was the person', None, None, None, 0), ('holding the gun .', None, None, None, 1), ('They could just as easily kill using their car or a knife', None, None, None, 0)]]
Leaf:  N Textual-Organization More gun crap .
Leaf:  N Elaborate I am so sick of people
Leaf:  S span thinking
Leaf:  N Attribution shooting someone is the guns fault .
Inner:  S span None Attribution SN
Inner:  N Elaborate None Elaborate NS
Leaf:  N Elaborate It is not the gun it is something wrong inside the person
Leaf:  S span who is doing the shooting .
Inner:  S span None Elaborate NS
Inner:  N Evaluation None Elaborate NS
Leaf:  N Background You ca n't expect the gun to be blamed
Leaf:  N Evaluation when it is someone who is just pissed off or mental ill . If you asked me it is all about not getting your way and being mad so the answer is shoot a bunch of people . That means they are sick in the head . I can just see it now more get rid of the gun solve the problem
Leaf:  S span no we need to fix what is wrong with people . Damn lawyers blood suckers most of them anyway taking advantage of people in their worst moments .
Inner:  S span None Evaluation NS
Inner:  S span None Background NS
Inner:  N Evaluation None Evaluation NS
Leaf:  N Elaborate I just hope we finally wake up to the fact
Leaf:  S span that the gun did n't do it
Inner:  S span None Elaborate NS
Leaf:  N Elaborate it was the person
Leaf:  S span holding the gun .
Inner:  N Contrast None Elaborate NS
Inner:  N Evaluation None Contrast SN
Leaf:  S span They could just as easily kill using their car or a knife
Inner:  S span None Evaluation NS
Inner:  N Textual-Organization None Evaluation NS
Inner:  Root None None Textual-Organization NN
[('More gun crap .', None, None, None, 1), ('I am so sick of people', None, None, None, 0), ('thinking', None, None, None, 0), ('shooting someone is the guns fault .', None, None, None, 1), ('It is not the gun it is something wrong inside the person', None, None, None, 0), ('who is doing the shooting .', None, None, None, 1), ("You ca n't expect the gun to be blamed", None, None, None, 0), ('when it is someone who is just pissed off or mental ill . If you asked me it is all about not getting your way and being mad so the answer is shoot a bunch of people . That means they are sick in the head . I can just see it now more get rid of the gun solve the problem', None, None, None, 0), ('no we need to fix what is wrong with people . Damn lawyers blood suckers most of them anyway taking advantage of people in their worst moments .', None, None, None, 1), ('I just hope we finally wake up to the fact', None, None, None, 0), ("that the gun did n't do it", None, None, None, 0), ('it was the person', None, None, None, 0), ('holding the gun .', None, None, None, 1), ('They could just as easily kill using their car or a knife', None, None, None, 0)]
