=====================> [[('The company behind ITT Technical Institute , the chain of for-profit schools in the United States , will shut down all of its campuses', None, None, None, 0), ('following financial sanctions from the U.S. Department of Education .', None, None, None, 1), ('ITT Educational Services said in a statement', None, None, None, 0), ('Tuesday', None, None, None, 0), ('it would shutter more than 130 locations in 39 states .', None, None, None, 1), ('The move affects hundreds of thousands of current students and more than 8,000 employees of the ITT Technical Institute ,', None, None, None, 0), ('known colloquially as ITT Tech ,', None, None, None, 0), ('the company said . “ It is with profound regret that we must report that ITT Educational Services , Inc. will discontinue academic operations at all of its ITT Technical Institutes permanently after approximately 50 years of continuous service , ”', None, None, None, 0), ('it said in a statement on its website .', None, None, None, 1), ('A day later , ITT announced', None, None, None, 0), ('it would not enroll any new', None, None, None, 0)]]
Leaf:  N Explanation The company behind ITT Technical Institute , the chain of for-profit schools in the United States , will shut down all of its campuses
Leaf:  S span following financial sanctions from the U.S. Department of Education .
Inner:  N Summary None Explanation NS
Leaf:  S span ITT Educational Services said in a statement
Leaf:  N Attribution Tuesday
Inner:  S span None Attribution SN
Leaf:  N Attribution it would shutter more than 130 locations in 39 states .
Inner:  N Elaborate None Attribution SN
Leaf:  N Elaborate The move affects hundreds of thousands of current students and more than 8,000 employees of the ITT Technical Institute ,
Leaf:  S span known colloquially as ITT Tech ,
Inner:  N Attribution None Elaborate NS
Leaf:  S span the company said . “ It is with profound regret that we must report that ITT Educational Services , Inc. will discontinue academic operations at all of its ITT Technical Institutes permanently after approximately 50 years of continuous service , ”
Inner:  N Attribution None Attribution NS
Leaf:  S span it said in a statement on its website .
Inner:  S span None Attribution NS
Inner:  S span None Elaborate NS
Inner:  N Cause None Summary NS
Leaf:  S span A day later , ITT announced
Leaf:  N Attribution it would not enroll any new
Inner:  S span None Attribution SN
Inner:  Root None None Cause NS
[('The company behind ITT Technical Institute , the chain of for-profit schools in the United States , will shut down all of its campuses', None, None, None, 0), ('following financial sanctions from the U.S. Department of Education .', None, None, None, 1), ('ITT Educational Services said in a statement', None, None, None, 0), ('Tuesday', None, None, None, 0), ('it would shutter more than 130 locations in 39 states .', None, None, None, 1), ('The move affects hundreds of thousands of current students and more than 8,000 employees of the ITT Technical Institute ,', None, None, None, 0), ('known colloquially as ITT Tech ,', None, None, None, 0), ('the company said . “ It is with profound regret that we must report that ITT Educational Services , Inc. will discontinue academic operations at all of its ITT Technical Institutes permanently after approximately 50 years of continuous service , ”', None, None, None, 0), ('it said in a statement on its website .', None, None, None, 1), ('A day later , ITT announced', None, None, None, 0), ('it would not enroll any new', None, None, None, 0)]
