=====================> [[('Lydia Jones , a spokeswoman for BAFTA Cymru , said Friday', None, None, None, 0), ('that the organization had been told', None, None, None, 0), ('there would be no further details on Mr. Jones ’s condition .', None, None, None, 1), ('Primary progressive aphasia is a rare nervous system syndrome', None, None, None, 0), ('that affects a person ’s ability', None, None, None, 0), ('to express his or her thoughts and understanding , or to find words ,', None, None, None, 0), ('according to the Mayo Clinic .', None, None, None, 1), ('Symptoms begin gradually , often before age 65 , and worsen over time . The news of the diagnosis was also reported by the BBC and Britain ’ sNational Press Association .', None, None, None, 1), ('The announcement of Mr. Jones ’s illness dominated Monty Python fan siteson Friday ,', None, None, None, 0), ('where it was described as “ sad ” and “ terrible ” news . Eric Idle , a co-founder of the ribald , outrageous and internationally acclaimed British troupe , tweeted thanks to fans for their support', None, None, None, 0), ('while noting Mr.', None, None, None, 1)]]
Leaf:  S span Lydia Jones , a spokeswoman for BAFTA Cymru , said Friday
Leaf:  S span that the organization had been told
Leaf:  N Attribution there would be no further details on Mr. Jones ’s condition .
Inner:  N Attribution None Attribution SN
Inner:  N Elaborate None Attribution SN
Leaf:  N Elaborate Primary progressive aphasia is a rare nervous system syndrome
Leaf:  N Elaborate that affects a person ’s ability
Leaf:  S span to express his or her thoughts and understanding , or to find words ,
Inner:  S span None Elaborate NS
Inner:  N Attribution None Elaborate NS
Leaf:  S span according to the Mayo Clinic .
Inner:  N Elaborate None Attribution NS
Leaf:  S span Symptoms begin gradually , often before age 65 , and worsen over time . The news of the diagnosis was also reported by the BBC and Britain ’ sNational Press Association .
Inner:  S span None Elaborate NS
Inner:  N Elaborate None Elaborate NS
Leaf:  N Elaborate The announcement of Mr. Jones ’s illness dominated Monty Python fan siteson Friday ,
Leaf:  N Temporal where it was described as “ sad ” and “ terrible ” news . Eric Idle , a co-founder of the ribald , outrageous and internationally acclaimed British troupe , tweeted thanks to fans for their support
Leaf:  S span while noting Mr.
Inner:  S span None Temporal NS
Inner:  S span None Elaborate NS
Inner:  Root None None Elaborate NS
[('Lydia Jones , a spokeswoman for BAFTA Cymru , said Friday', None, None, None, 0), ('that the organization had been told', None, None, None, 0), ('there would be no further details on Mr. Jones ’s condition .', None, None, None, 1), ('Primary progressive aphasia is a rare nervous system syndrome', None, None, None, 0), ('that affects a person ’s ability', None, None, None, 0), ('to express his or her thoughts and understanding , or to find words ,', None, None, None, 0), ('according to the Mayo Clinic .', None, None, None, 1), ('Symptoms begin gradually , often before age 65 , and worsen over time . The news of the diagnosis was also reported by the BBC and Britain ’ sNational Press Association .', None, None, None, 1), ('The announcement of Mr. Jones ’s illness dominated Monty Python fan siteson Friday ,', None, None, None, 0), ('where it was described as “ sad ” and “ terrible ” news . Eric Idle , a co-founder of the ribald , outrageous and internationally acclaimed British troupe , tweeted thanks to fans for their support', None, None, None, 0), ('while noting Mr.', None, None, None, 1)]
