=====================> [[('I just read a very upsetting article about a recent incident', None, None, None, 0), ('involving U.S. troops in Jordan', None, None, None, 0), ('and I wanted to share it with you .', None, None, None, 1), ('There were three U.S. military trainers killed in gunfire by security units at Jordan base , fatally shot by security forces Friday', None, None, None, 0), ('when their vehicle failed to stop at the gate of a military base . I have no idea', None, None, None, 0), ('why the driver did not stop at the gate , which is certainly protocol . They have had serious problems in Jordan recently due to hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees', None, None, None, 0), ('crossing their border .', None, None, None, 1), ('Jordan is and has been a significant U.S. ally in the war against ISIS', None, None, None, 0), ('and I can only hope', None, None, None, 0), ('that this incident is isolated and not part of a bigger problem . God bless the families of the deceased soldiers !', None, None, None, 1)]]
Leaf:  N Elaborate I just read a very upsetting article about a recent incident
Leaf:  S span involving U.S. troops in Jordan
Inner:  S span None Elaborate NS
Leaf:  N Cause and I wanted to share it with you .
Inner:  N Elaborate None Cause SN
Leaf:  N Background There were three U.S. military trainers killed in gunfire by security units at Jordan base , fatally shot by security forces Friday
Leaf:  S span when their vehicle failed to stop at the gate of a military base . I have no idea
Leaf:  N Elaborate why the driver did not stop at the gate , which is certainly protocol . They have had serious problems in Jordan recently due to hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees
Leaf:  S span crossing their border .
Inner:  N Attribution None Elaborate NS
Inner:  S span None Attribution SN
Inner:  S span None Background NS
Inner:  N Elaborate None Elaborate NS
Leaf:  N Evaluation Jordan is and has been a significant U.S. ally in the war against ISIS
Leaf:  S span and I can only hope
Leaf:  N Attribution that this incident is isolated and not part of a bigger problem . God bless the families of the deceased soldiers !
Inner:  N Evaluation None Attribution SN
Inner:  S span None Evaluation NN
Inner:  Root None None Elaborate NS
[('I just read a very upsetting article about a recent incident', None, None, None, 0), ('involving U.S. troops in Jordan', None, None, None, 0), ('and I wanted to share it with you .', None, None, None, 1), ('There were three U.S. military trainers killed in gunfire by security units at Jordan base , fatally shot by security forces Friday', None, None, None, 0), ('when their vehicle failed to stop at the gate of a military base . I have no idea', None, None, None, 0), ('why the driver did not stop at the gate , which is certainly protocol . They have had serious problems in Jordan recently due to hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees', None, None, None, 0), ('crossing their border .', None, None, None, 1), ('Jordan is and has been a significant U.S. ally in the war against ISIS', None, None, None, 0), ('and I can only hope', None, None, None, 0), ('that this incident is isolated and not part of a bigger problem . God bless the families of the deceased soldiers !', None, None, None, 1)]
