=====================> [[('This story about the shooting at the airport is absolutely breaking my heart .', None, None, None, 1), ('There is no reason', None, None, None, 0), ('for these violent gun actions to continue to go on .', None, None, None, 1), ('Can you imagine if this had been our dad or other friend or family member ?', None, None, None, 1), ('I can not imagine what the victims family is going through right now . The poor people in the airport must have been in a frenzy .', None, None, None, 1), ('It had to have been scary to not know what was going on . Especially before everyone knew', None, None, None, 0), ('the gunman was dead . This one cowards acts caused so much turmoil and upheaval for so many people . Can you imagine all of the money', None, None, None, 0), ('that was wasted', None, None, None, 0), ('because of his stupid choices .', None, None, None, 1), ('Between flights being cancelled , rearranged , police officers time .', None, None, None, 1), ('I wish we could understand', None, None, None, 0), ('what he was thinking', None, None, None, 0), ('and why he did this mess .', None, None, None, 1)]]
Leaf:  N Summary This story about the shooting at the airport is absolutely breaking my heart .
Leaf:  N Elaborate There is no reason
Leaf:  S span for these violent gun actions to continue to go on .
Inner:  N Summary None Elaborate NS
Leaf:  N Joint Can you imagine if this had been our dad or other friend or family member ?
Leaf:  N Joint I can not imagine what the victims family is going through right now . The poor people in the airport must have been in a frenzy .
Leaf:  S span It had to have been scary to not know what was going on . Especially before everyone knew
Leaf:  N Elaborate the gunman was dead . This one cowards acts caused so much turmoil and upheaval for so many people . Can you imagine all of the money
Leaf:  N Cause that was wasted
Leaf:  S span because of his stupid choices .
Inner:  S span None Cause NS
Inner:  N Attribution None Elaborate NS
Inner:  N Joint None Attribution SN
Inner:  N Elaborate None Joint NN
Leaf:  N Evaluation Between flights being cancelled , rearranged , police officers time .
Leaf:  S span I wish we could understand
Leaf:  N Joint what he was thinking
Leaf:  N Joint and why he did this mess .
Inner:  N Attribution None Joint NN
Inner:  S span None Attribution SN
Inner:  S span None Evaluation NS
Inner:  N Joint None Elaborate NS
Inner:  S span None Joint NN
Inner:  S span None Summary NS
Inner:  Root None None Summary NS
[('This story about the shooting at the airport is absolutely breaking my heart .', None, None, None, 1), ('There is no reason', None, None, None, 0), ('for these violent gun actions to continue to go on .', None, None, None, 1), ('Can you imagine if this had been our dad or other friend or family member ?', None, None, None, 1), ('I can not imagine what the victims family is going through right now . The poor people in the airport must have been in a frenzy .', None, None, None, 1), ('It had to have been scary to not know what was going on . Especially before everyone knew', None, None, None, 0), ('the gunman was dead . This one cowards acts caused so much turmoil and upheaval for so many people . Can you imagine all of the money', None, None, None, 0), ('that was wasted', None, None, None, 0), ('because of his stupid choices .', None, None, None, 1), ('Between flights being cancelled , rearranged , police officers time .', None, None, None, 1), ('I wish we could understand', None, None, None, 0), ('what he was thinking', None, None, None, 0), ('and why he did this mess .', None, None, None, 1)]
